Another pilot for staying up until midnight, did you know?
Now it's going to be 27.
We'll find that time gets my black mark on this booney chart,
but if he was on pass until 10th of late,
the other drafts he'd get the weightlark,
even though he was out for real midnight.
Now one of the honest chart we should block that end to until late,
and I think this is a great waste of time,
and I wonder how much money has been spent on these booney charts
as long as they're presented.
Obviously, for the purpose of getting them on the television screen,
it's a great default impression.
But there's something wrong about staying up until level of fire,
another private thing up until midnight,
I think we must fill in the chart.
Now let's go on a set for the information, you know?
On the 24th, we find a black,
and we should put this up here so we can see it.
We find a complete black mark for Cheyenne,
because on pass at 11.30 a.m. for just a week in per company topic.
We find a garbage per private,
but that's a very bright mark for being on the phone weekend pass.
Let's block that end also.
And when we give them a black mark,
you can sign it with the black mark if they have a different price.
Then, what do we have?
Only 19.00 a black mark against all the Cheyenne,
because he was on pass.
For a 440 per company,
a white mark for the other part.
Now, one of the honest about this and that of a 40 chart,
we've a lot of talk about 40 pictures here.
I think we should block in the other part of the screen as Cheyenne, right?
Does that make sense for the third track, you know?
For some of that, I've got to see that job that you're mocking there
about 10 minutes ago, so that I'd rather not comment on that.
Let me know when you come over here, those black and Cheyenne.
I have a copy of this here.
I'll read you a little bit about it.
Just give me my shirt and make me one of those.
Here you'll find that world is areas,
but you have no black in the world, right?
Travis Cheyenne got a black mark for doing exactly the frame.
The other part of it, I mean, you're a command there, does that correct?
Yes.
Well, you agree with me that that makes this a completely dishonest and a pony track?
No.
No sir, I don't think anything that's been put out from the army is dishonest.
Will it be useful by the army?
Who put it out?
You know General?
I don't like to have,
I've referred to some wire who's running here at the army.
I think that's unfair to the army.
General, I think I represent the army of much of anyone that's ruined us.
Now, this will not put up for the army general, so I'll find out what it is.
Yes sir, I think it was.
You know what I'm talking about?
I suppose that the council which represented the army,
prepared this from documentary evidence, which is a myth to them.
I know, but the whole norm, and this is a black and then for a private shine
and a white from the normal trainee, I don't know why that differentiation was made.
I said, you're both black.
Maybe I can tell you why I don't know.
If this is a pony attack,
to defeat the people watching in television, putting up their charts,
showing everything black on the shown chart, and showing a white,
I'm there with 20, let's black it in.
Let's black it in, where the average trainee got castles that's blacked in
until the television audience can see what our friends here,
and they don't represent the army I've been doing.
But then the third of the Toronto citizens, let's vote for it.
On the 25th and 23th, the average part of it, on pass all day,
more black marks there, but a black out for shine because he was on pass all day.
If you want to create this right picture, I'm gonna flash this down,
unless we're not, is my track down here?
They will vote on pass, yes.
And they should say, if shine is to be blacked out for being on pass,
then the other part should be blacked out for being on pass.
Yes, if you're telling your job.
I know, let's get on to the old 33rd.
Thanks.
Oh, the average part of it, absence on pass at 11.30,
get the white mark, part of it, because they stayed 15 minutes longer on the post.
Didn't believe until 11.45, get say, black marks.
Now, a time of getting a black mark, believing 50 minutes late,
staying on the post 15 minutes longer, the average part of it will get a black mark there too, right?
What's black out here?
Well, if we went out of there, we had a local rule there that a train agency leaves on pass
either Christmas or New Year's,
private shine was absent on post vacations.
Well, then, then for the full, one of the involved in fact to be,
you're not be blacked in the fabric, right?
Look it up.
I think the child indicates that private shine was absent on both weekend
and the normal time they was only absent on one weekend.
I think you make a good point here of them.
One of these did not have to work yet.
The front of his family was fired.
Let's continue with any further questions?
Yes, a few other questions.
Can you come in?
Try to run the clock again.
The whole group of people is general to clear up these charts.
Now they're still keen with a chart,
which is at the top of it from the private G David Church.
There's that chart from accurate records
of the absent suits and telephone messages to the commanding general.
As far as I know that, yes sir.
A view of examining the chart, yes sir.
And it does accurately reflect what it supports to reflect.
And I'll ask the games to look at the other chart,
which is entitled,
fiscal, override, absences of an average trainee.
I should say it is, yes.
Can you have examined that?
Yes sir.
Did you have anything to do with the blacking year of the dates of the first chart?
Most of the time I didn't.
I didn't make that.
I didn't make that decision.
It would be prepared.
And there were a few errors in it.
It was for a fix in this form.
And those corrections were made as far as hours were concerned.
But the last chart I didn't see until this morning.
General, for other people,
the elected community case might be maintained by this chart and the last chart.
And you are invited to the elected group to clear those meetings.
So there was one chart indicating the absence of a carbon shine.
And another chart indicating the absence of a normal training.
And both types of cases did not see until this morning.
The chart that indicates the absence of carbon shine in this fall,
I did see, with the last chart I had not seen until this morning.
And the way you saw the chart with the information there,
there was a blackout and the white face chart to say,
you said it's very good.
I saw the chart on private shines,
but not the chart on the average training.
Okay.
You have questions about these two full calls,
General and our scheme is there's anything on you.
About the practice.
Making as many as 250 long-distance telephone calls
during your eight week basic training period.
I should say that that was quite a large number of telephone calls
for any private to make.
But if he wanted to make those calls on a spare time,
and he had the money to pay for them,
I don't see any reason why he couldn't make them.
I don't think that there's ever been a five-minute four fix.
I think that about 250,000 go through there,
from 1947, to the several folks that reckon
that the private shine apparently made.
Is there anything on you, you, about a private,
in the army calling you girlfriends
as many as four times on one day,
both during duty hours and off duty?
Well, I don't know what I think about five-and-chine private life,
whether they simply call with girl friends or informers or who they were.
But I suppose that depends upon the individual.
How many times you call your girl up on the day?
Do you keep a record down with Fred Dixon,
all the phone calls, all the drivers in the army make you know?
No sir, I'm wondering how we can determine how many phone calls
this private makes, whether they're calling you girlfriend or his mother or...
We tried to superior the telephone call that's four-six,
the connection with our Inspector General's investigation,
but we weren't able to get it.
Instead, the Inspector General couldn't superior phone call.
He had the call at Marshall, someone in order to get the phone call.
We didn't see we had special evidence of the call at Marshall,
so we didn't get the phone call at four-six.
Thank you for that additional testimony indicating the importance of congressional investigation
and investigating committees, which is depending almost anything.
We don't always get it, but we have, and the opinion is very dear.
This may not be a proper question, General,
and if it isn't, by no answer,
that we've popped all around and Inspector General was the point today,
but nobody has asked the question which may not be appropriate to ask in that connection.
But I think we said it was a 619-page report,
and I'm not sure what he said you had read it or not,
he did say you had not made your decision on it,
but it seems to me that if you have read it,
and if you know what's in it, maybe you could tell us whether or not
private sign did get proper initial treatment by virtue of the fact he misused
for past provisions with the grandadium.
Anything that has committed to the committee's banquet,
we share, has not read it, and if it's not an appropriate question, I don't want to ask it.
But if it is, we've talked all around it,
we've talked about the fact that he had 12 happens,
that they were allegedly on committee business,
if he had affected General Mason investigation,
but he made a report, so I think he would be quick enough to find out whether or not
the Inspector General would be determined as he was over that investigation,
and if he had a private sign, why would it?
In fact, not using his cash privileges for a committee business,
but he alleged that he was so doing.
As I stated before, we have no information that private sign uses
his cash privileges for other than official business.
By we, you include your information?
No further questions.
I can follow the next senator asks questions,
and while we have the opportunity, I return to our studio because the country
to permit our station to identify themselves.
This is ABC Telegram Network.
For outstanding comedy and drama,
tonight's Channel 7, at 9 Danny Thomas,
who don't happen in the kids just like any other daddy,
stars in the lipstick and tail on Make Room for Daddy.
If you furnish access information,
as far as we were able to get,
now will you tell us where in these charts are this on it?
I don't see anything dishonest at all about them.
Senator, I think that all I am fresh for more than here
are statements that the police and dishonors will do not reflect the truth.
A lot of you are so bad.
You have the basic information.
Do they reflect the truth or are they an accurate in misleading?
No, I say that they reflect the truth
that they're not inaccurate in misleading,
and the only difference is that they reflect in the fact that they're
the private shine and they have reflect in the fact that they're
depending to the normal private.
General, will you be able to and will you face the charts?
Face phone number, first more information you have
is the man who got both.
The high doctorate,
and they get a change in the charts that you think are necessary
to make them for three different and more active
information in respect to the West Bank.
I would be very happy to Senator.
I agree with Senator McCarthy that surely some of these
men that we have make telephone calls,
which they have headed on by the shine chart here.
I think anyone would agree to that.
And as far as I am concerned,
if they want to black in,
the part indicating the period that the ordinary trainee
spends on pass, I'm sure that nobody in the
army ties with the check for that.
So, it's general, the whole purpose of the bill.
If this committee is being imposed on by this
on a chart, but it's calculated to misread and deceive,
either this committee is American people or anyone else,
I want to find it out.
That instance is here before the committee.
That this committee has been imposed upon by these charts.
I know of no one who knows more about the facts than you.
The B charts are dishonest,
if they are phonics, if they are inactive, if they are accepted.
I ask you to correct them.
The committee is in that corrected form for it to reflect the truth
as you know it to be.
Are you willing to do that?
I'll be very willing to do that.
All right, that's all.
Mr. Newton.
So, general, right, I exposed the telephone installation
at CAMP the XIVH,
here's a signal-core installation.
Those are, say, five of the installations run by the
bell telephone company.
Now, Dennis, how did the youngsters in CAMP telephone
receive calls? Are these on, uh,
so-called, uh, pay-facings facility?
Pay-facings facility, yes.
Are they monitored so that you would know whether private
Jones makes some of the calls or private students,
so many of you received so many?
You wouldn't have that.
No, sir, what not?
So, you wouldn't have any way of comparing whether the number of
calls that time made the greater than, perhaps, some other boys
in CAMP, you think?
No, sir, what not?
No, the rest of it, of course, is only a gratuitous observation
because when I landed in the Army way back in 1918,
I know that my bunk buddy was making an important
that number of telephone calls,
but I discovered later why,
because he was the right president of the manufacturing company.
And, uh, every day, he either gets white for his
subordinates or calling up, or he was calling and giving some
directions.
In connection with business interests and where I may have made
one call in a week, the chances are he may have been making a
hundred, so I suppose, uh, to get an extra picture of the matter
he would have to know what to hold back down to.
Yes, each individual would present a separate payback.
Excuse me.
Any objections?
Uh, General, just one point that you made the distinction of
reference to the phone call from the chart.
Uh, the phone call will put on fire, the chimes, uh,
fire, the chimes chart, referred to what kind of call, General.
Very fair to the, uh, incoming calls from members of the committee.
To you, to my headquarters with the French Minister of Regimental Headquarters,
and then relate to private time.
How many calls was every, uh, five of it?
Do you get from the average private to you?
I don't get any.
This is the only case that I've ever had any.
Well, the five of these phone calls from the charter concern
relate specifically to the unusual nature of the cloud to you or to your aid.
Yes, sir.
And the pilot?
I have no words with this gentleman.
Other than that, other of the fact that I'm wealthy,
because the General Ryan, the biower, has to work.
You come out again, I'm like the General Ryan's to me.
You like that?
Uh, Sunday's time, you think?
General Ryan, this is a quasi-judicial body as I understand it during these hearings.
I'd like to ask a couple of questions.
Do you know who prepared these charts?
These charts were prepared as I understand it by the Council for the Army,
based on information that we found.
And the original charts was made sometime back on private time.
There was respect to us, and there were a few discrepancies that we directed and sent back.
Well, in its marches, the charts were prepared for public display.
And in the minds of the average American black is supposed to be negative and white is positive.
And in its marches, the Army has made these charges for prospective private shine.
Don't you think it might have been more fair to have put the black on the average and the white on private shine?
I don't know what the motive was, but it looked to me as though all of us will agree that they both could have been black.
Yes.
No further questions?
Sorry to rush back.
Mr. Welk and Mr. Schumfeld.
I have one question, Mr. Schum.
General was due to ceremony start for a private key day of the shine.
I don't know if there is any reference in that chart for many telephone calls,
other than telephone calls to the committee.
Go ahead.
So that if it has been asserted here that this chart reflects telephone calls to girlfriends,
that as it is, the person is not correct.
Yes, correct.
No further.
I know that.
General, I think maybe you might want to correct one very slight mistake in your testimony,
which I know is in a book and I'm sure of that, because I've got complete respect for your relative.
You said that all of this information was known to you.
I know that from this chart we have called from Carter to Adam.
That information obviously was supplied by someone else, I think we should have the record corrected.
Yes, I have no information on that.
But one minimum is chart, again it was very important.
I think this is very important.
This short of what you might as being tried to force from 20 million people,
there is no possible guilt in my mind as the racing for putting this chart in China,
leaving it here on the eve of our morning, because it could be part of that,
so the televised audience could see it, then all they talked was completely right,
showing the average price.
I think it's one of the most different on it.
Job, no.
The temperature is sufficient, I'll never clean, but like all of the intensity,
the temperature is sufficient.
There is something that's fair, but it's not just lacking in the average product,
instead of giving him a white mark where you get sign of black mark,
if you may, on the frame on time chart, on Friday,
the person January is on path all the way to get the black mark for that right here.
The average product gets the white mark, but on the flame in the seconds,
sign a black mark for a path all the unsaturday the average product,
a white mark, sign a black mark because he was 10th for it on the sixteenth,
his camp's working, and the answer is something general.
And no reason why a pilot should get a black mark from being 10th for it,
from one to the sixth and another, there was no fault his last mark was there.
So I think we would agree that when you put a chart up on a television screen,
starting, getting a black mark from being 10th for it,
from one of those frames and at least the people watching us,
is that only confirmed?
Then it looks to me as though the person who prepared these charts wanted to make one different from the others,
on a TV, but by a comparison,
by the person who did well the other way,
they certainly did another pro cover outside of the pro cover right here.
The clock in on the 10th,
it happened to a midnight for the average pilot,
a white mark, sign a black mark,
sign a black mark,
so no reason why sign a black mark for coming home in our early hours there.
May I go?
No sir.
We see twenty-first, we find the sign is playing because it's basic training for K company stars.
That doesn't black in it.
Just to do a lot of testing.
And we find out for what are the eight of these tomatoes,
many things filled in because sign says we do the utestifier that he made up,
and he keeps he do the emit,
so he doesn't make up that K-T-duty,
he went to the telephone exchange after he left my office
to put in many telephone calls that they should have gone back to K-T.
Otherwise, he does not make up the K-T you off on the fine side.
All right, the one final point,
and I think maybe now we can see the design of the original chart.
Mr. Chairman, I would like to applaud before the committee,
and for the annuals,
the men who have prepared the completely substantive chart,
giving shyness black mark for getting the passes with the average pilot's guts and giving him a white mark.
And I think some of the findings will make a good point of that.
Now, Mr. General, just one final question we agree that
Private Shrine got many more passes than the average trainee.
Yes, do you think that it is any special privilege for a pilot to be allowed to work
after his training is over,
work on the work of a committee with an ex-bozine communist,
or the other private who is used to go to the movies,
they can go up to the North La Caire.
There was just no special consideration for the private.
Senator, this wasn't very unusual for me because I had just returned from Korea
where we were seven days a week,
sometimes 16 and 18 hours a day.
We had no weekend, Saturday, Sunday, holiday,
or any of the new,
we're fall day every day.
And the professional core of the army today doesn't take weekends off.
So you would have proved them.
I didn't question that slightest bit.
In other words, you would have proved the private working weekend,
working evening, no objection to that.
Do you say you've worked seven days a week,
much more than 12 hours?
You've got no objection to giving this pilot the permission to work
when he's training with over.
Yes, sir.
He was doing work for the committee, I certainly think that it was all right.
Thank you very much, Senator.
Hello?
Senator, are you completed?
I have no further questions.
Anybody ready for the questions?
Anybody else?
Mr. Wilson?
Mr. Wilson, you are included?
I'm afraid I'll have one more question, General,
if you will look at that chart that has now been marked up by Mr. Giuliano.
Will you observe that Christmas has been blacked out as well as New Year's?
Is that correct?
The Northern Order is trained to eat out.
Just a moment, please, General.
It is, it is correct.
It is not that Mr. Giuliano has blacked out Christmas and New Year's.
Yes, he does.
And if it's a sign on that chart, right in front of anyone who would mark it,
is the effect that the trainees are authorized, either Christmas or New Year's passes,
but not gold.
That's correct.
Yes, sir.
So that private shines, is trained to pass on Christmas and on New Year's.
That's correct.
Yes, sir.
And an ordinary pilot would not have.
Yes.
If you have black, that chart is somewhat misleading, isn't it?
Yes, sir.
That respected it.
That is the one on the other side.
That's correct.
You can pretty much use another example of...
And I'm not sure if you have any.
Here's another example of attempting to testify.
When the General pointed out to me, Mr. Giuliano was blacking him,
both football and New Year's, he pointed out that one should not be blacked out.
That was made very, very clear.
The interesting part was sitting there, he knew that.
And I think we should try and stick to some rule that you'll follow in the course.
Let me ask you this, General.
Seeing us and brought up.
I don't have any idea what your answer will be.
Is it true that some trainees get more Christmas and New Year's,
they will wear some trainees that they get both Christmas and New Year's.
Okay, thank you.
Some trainees are out of time.
Very few, yes.
Thank you very much.
I believe that we have concluded with General Ryan, you auditioned.
I'm sorry, I might like that one more.
I'm sorry, because I have to ask questions after the other table,
if I'm not pressed, if you're fine.
Everybody conclude it is any moment to consult.
Anybody from my right?
Anybody from my left?
Okay, Mr. Giuliano.
Would you tell us, General Ryan, under what circumstances they filed about
to frame me as what this would get both Christmas and New Year's,
all under the words of the circumstances?
Thank you.
A further question?
I trust to make a fairer now, however.
I don't think you was General Ryan.
I think you were General Ryan.
Thank you for coming.
You've done a very first right Christmas.
Up until now, I trust the General Beasley's Christmas are mostly here.
Explicit witness, but I think you're running a close parallel out in General's
make-it witness.
Thank you, sir.
Does it hurt about your dismiss?
Mr. Chairman, I'd like to make a request for the fairer now.
I hope this can be done immediately as possible.
We have to, without interrupting the hearing support.
We have now a lot of periods to, I don't think I'd be coming on it.
We've got millions of people looking at these charts,
but we have a lot of periods to, then, a deliberate attempt to mislead.
A white chart showing the average private, one with signs,
and black stuff.
I think we should find out, Mr. Chairman.
I think the fact should be instructed to be looked at investigation.
Find out who is responsible for this attempt to deflection.
Find out how much it costs, food paid for,
file all these, for the start, how many have been put out,
how many generals, how many colonels,
how many private have been working on this project and under whom's order.
The councilor rises me, he will explore that and try to determine the information during the new hour
if he weather a witness to be available.
This time we'll call the next witness for the Army side of the case.
The Chairman would like to call him, Chairman John Beath.
General Brown.
He's calling the councilor to touch the money we're about to give,
and just use the whole suit and nothing but the suit for helping judge.
I don't know.
Maybe she did.
Mr. Pervant, you may begin the interrogation, right?
State your name, please.
My name is John Beath.
Brown.
You are a First Lieutenant-Chimbers.
That's correct.
Where are you, State?
I'm stationed at Fort Texan Jersey.
And what does it use to be there?
My duty is to perform the duty that the age you can't for the commanding general, General Ryan.
And how long have you been ageing General Ryan?
I've been General Ryan's age September 9, 1952.
And you were the General's age in November of 1953?
That's correct, sir.
When did you first learn that private duty,
that's right with these assigned to Fort Texan?
On November 3, 1953.
And were you informed by General Ryan?
Yes, sir, by General Ryan, and also I was present at a luncheon with Secretary Stevens,
when he referred to private chants.
When this private chants were reported to Fort Texan,
if you know, on September, 1953.
What were you?